WIP: installation guide (#253)
Segelzwerg/Rechnung: docs/usage/installation.rst

============
Installation
============

There are several ways to run this application yourself. Currently, we are only supporting a docker compose setup for
production.

Development
===========

We are using poetry as dependency management tool. After you have setup your environment, run ``poetry install`` in
the root directory of the project.

Docker Compose
==============

Create a new directory where you want to store the configuration files, e.g. ``rechnung``.
We are providing a `docker compose file <https://github.com/Segelzwerg/Rechnung/blob/main/compose.yaml>`_ as starter
which you can customize to your needs.
You have to options:

#. Build from source
#. Use prebuild image

Compose File
------------

> We recommend to use the prebuild image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to use the pre-built image:
```

.. code :: yaml

    services:
      rechnung:
        #build: . # Enable if you want to build from source
        image: ghcr.io/segelzwerg/segelzwerg/rechnung:latest

Next you can set the port exposure. The left side is how the application can be reached via docker and the right side
is the internal port which you must not change.

.. code :: yaml

    ports:
      - "12321:8000" # You can change to any port you like.

> Don't change the ``depends_on``. Otherwise you will run into problems during the migration phase while starting the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not change the ``depends_on``. Otherwise you will run into problems during the migration phase while starting the
```
